Sec. 125.001. DECLARATION OF PURPOSE. The legislature finds
that the health and safety of persons living and working in
agricultural areas in the state may be improved by providing access
to information regarding certain hazardous chemicals to which they
may be exposed either during their normal employment activities,
during emergency situations, or as a result of proximity to the use
of those chemicals. The legislature also finds that, because of the
conditions of agricultural employment, there is a unique situation
regarding certain agricultural laborers that makes it necessary to
establish formal procedures to provide access to information
regarding certain hazardous chemicals and to assure those laborers
that there will be no retaliation by the employer for the exercise of
rights under this chapter. This chapter is intended to assure that
accessibility to information regarding chemicals covered by this
chapter be provided to agricultural laborers who may be exposed to
those chemicals in agricultural workplaces, to certain emergency
service organizations responsible for dealing with chemical hazards
during emergency situations when those chemicals are in close
proximity to residential areas, and to the department to make the
information available to the general public through specific
procedures.
Added by Acts 1987, 70th Leg., ch. 903, Sec. 1, eff. Jan. 1, 1988.

