Sec. 74.117. ENTRY OF PREMISES; ERADICATION ACTIVITIES;
INSPECTIONS. The department, the foundation, or a designated
representative of either entity may enter cotton fields or other
premises to carry out the purposes of this subchapter and Subchapters
A and B of this chapter, which include the treatment and monitoring
of growing cotton or other host plants. The department, the
foundation, or a designated representative of either entity may
inspect fields or premises in this state for the purpose of
determining whether the property is infested with the boll weevil or
the pink bollworm. An inspection must be conducted during reasonable
daylight hours. The department shall give notice by publication of
the planned schedule of dates for entry by the department, the
foundation, or a designated representative of either entity, to the
fields or premises to carry out the purposes of this subchapter,
Statute text rendered on: 8/6/2022

- 496 -

AGRICULTURE CODE

including treatment, monitoring, or inspection functions. The
department shall publish notice of the planned schedule to enter the
fields or premises in a newspaper of general circulation in the
eradication zone not less than once a week for two weeks immediately
before the scheduled dates of entry. In addition to the notice
published by the department, the foundation shall post notice of the
planned schedule to enter fields or premises to carry out the
purposes of this subchapter at the county courthouse of each county
in the eradication zone not less than 15 days before the planned
dates of entry.
Added by Acts 1993, 73rd Leg., ch. 8, Sec. 1, eff. June 1, 1993.
Amended by Acts 1995, 74th Leg., ch. 227, Sec. 13, eff. Sept. 1,
1995; Acts 1997, 75th Leg., ch. 463, Sec. 1.19, eff. May 30, 1997.

